```julia
merge_analysis(repo::GitRepo, anns::Vector{GitAnnotated}) -> analysis, preference
```

Run analysis on the branches pointed to by the annotated branch tips `anns` and determine under what circumstances they can be merged. For instance, if `anns[1]` is simply an ancestor of `ann[2]`, then `merge_analysis` will report that a fast-forward merge is possible.

Return two outputs, `analysis` and `preference`. `analysis` has several possible values:     * `MERGE_ANALYSIS_NONE`: it is not possible to merge the elements of `anns`.     * `MERGE_ANALYSIS_NORMAL`: a regular merge, when HEAD and the commits that the       user wishes to merge have all diverged from a common ancestor. In this case the       changes have to be resolved and conflicts may occur.     * `MERGE_ANALYSIS_UP_TO_DATE`: all the input commits the user wishes to merge can       be reached from HEAD, so no merge needs to be performed.     * `MERGE_ANALYSIS_FASTFORWARD`: the input commit is a descendant of HEAD and so no       merge needs to be performed - instead, the user can simply checkout the       input commit(s).     * `MERGE_ANALYSIS_UNBORN`: the HEAD of the repository refers to a commit which does not       exist. It is not possible to merge, but it may be possible to checkout the input       commits. `preference` also has several possible values:     * `MERGE_PREFERENCE_NONE`: the user has no preference.     * `MERGE_PREFERENCE_NO_FASTFORWARD`: do not allow any fast-forward merges.     * `MERGE_PREFERENCE_FASTFORWARD_ONLY`: allow only fast-forward merges and no       other type (which may introduce conflicts). `preference` can be controlled through the repository or global git configuration.
